The GenerateFonts tool is built by myself and is used to create the fonts for my custom fork of the RA8875 library. <br>
For a video guild on how to use the GenerateFonts tool vist my youtube page at "To do..."

The basic instructions are:
- Choose the font, size and style.
- Click start.
- The font preview is shown.
- The tool will ask you if you want to auto crop all the characters (this removes the excess padding around the glyph).
- After cropping click the close icon (x).
- Your font is located in the fontFiles folder.

You can also edit each character by clicking on the preview on the character.
- The font editor window is shown.
- Right click is to delete a pixel, avoid using this unless you understand the logic of the tool, in short you should always remove an entire row or column, right clicking a deleted pixel will add it back.
- Left clicking a pixel toogles between a white and balck pixel.
- Click Options save to save your changes to the given character you edited, or just click the close icon (x) to not save the changes.
- You can also auto crop the given character in the editor.
- There is also the option to resize the character, this add a row or column to the character.


Notes: 
The auto cropper works by removing any all white columns or rows until it hits a black pixel in the adjacent row or column.

You can also access the auto cropper in the previwer options menu.

You can load an exiting font file generated by the tool to edit the characters if required, but make sure the text structure of the file is the same, it reads the main header at the top of the file and the headers above each character set, so don't delete them.

When creating a new font the character spacing by default is 1px, you can easily adjust this at the bottom of the font file is a font_returnStruct, the 3rd parameter is character spacing in px.

An example, where the spacing is 8px:

    const font_returnStruct HallfeticaLargenum_42px_Regular = {HallfeticaLargenum_42px_Regular_array, 26, 8, 46, 32};


and in RA8875.h line 293 is the font structs 

    struct fontDataStruct {
      const byte *data;
      const int arraySize;
      const byte width;
      const byte height;
      const int  yOffset; // Moves the charater up or down by yOffset px
    };
    
    struct fontArrayStruct {
      const fontDataStruct *image;
    };
    
    struct font_returnStruct {
      const fontArrayStruct *fontArray;
      const byte arraySize;
      const byte xMargin; // The gap in px between each character
      const byte yMargin; // line hight
      const char startChar; // The first character in the fontArray
    };



As shown in the font_returnStruct, you can have a slimmed down font file, such as one with just numbers as seen in fonts/Hallfetica_42_Nums.h
this can be useful when memory is limited but you want to use a big font, but note you must not skip any characters in the ascii sequence, again Hallfetica_42_Nums.h is a good example, here i just wanted numbers, a dot and the minus sign and a space, so i has to include all characters from space to nine, where the space is ascii 32 in decimal and '9' is ascii 57 in decimal, you can reference the ascii table here: https://www.asciitable.com/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ConvertBmpToXbmp is another tool built by myself, its rather straigh forward to use, you can convert a mono chrome bmp to a xbmp array, which is in the standard 8-bit hex array format, with the rendering starting from array zero, bit 7.
The tool can also convert 16-bit bmp and 24-bit bmp to a 565 color arrays.
You can also input a xbmp array into the text box and click load text to convert a xbmp array back into a mono chrome bmp.
I need to test the load file as i am sure as i write this that it ony support xbmp files, which have not been adjusted in terms of text formatting.
